[Seagulls calling]
[Soft clanking]
Rachel: [Grunting]
[Sighs]
[Grunts]
[Baby Morgan crying]
Oh, it's okay.
Shh.
It's gonna be okay,
sweetpea.
[Radio static crackling]
Is anyone there?
Can anyone hear me?
I need help.
I repeat -- can you hear me?
Anybody?
[Rocket blasting]
[Crying continues]
♪♪
[Rufus barking]
[Static crackles]
Morgan: ...we did our best.
You know, I'm still going to
try and stop
what Teddy started,
but I'm not at all sure
that that's
going to be possible.
You see, the missile...
Well, it's going to re-enter
the atmosphere,
and it's got
multiple warheads.
So this -- this may be all
the time that we have left.
So you should use it.
You should...
You should
make it mean something.
You should give yourselves
the ends that you wanted...
even if it's not the one
we all imagined.
[Baby Morgan continues crying]
He's wrong.
[Sniffles]
This isn't the end.
[Creaking]
[Exhales sharply]
[Grunting]
[Creaking]
[Breathing heavily]
Ah!
Aah!
Ow!
[Groans softly]
[Gasps]
[Whimpers]
[Breathing heavily]
[Baby Morgan crying]
♪♪
[Groans]
Aah!
I'm coming.
[Crying continues]
It's okay.
I'm here.
[Indistinct]
[Crying continues]
♪♪
[Groans]
Uh!
[Crying stops]
[Breathing heavily]
[Rufus barks]
[Crying] Come on. Come on.
[Gasping]
Oh!
[Baby Morgan crying]
[Breathlessly]
You're okay.
[Gasping]
I'm sorry.
I can't do it.
[Explosions in distance]
[Rufus barking]
♪♪
[Sniffles]
[Sighs]
[Softly] I thought I could.
But I just can't.
[Sniffles]
♪♪
[Gasps]
[Breathing heavily]
♪♪
This is the end for me.
Not you.
♪♪
[Rufus barks]
Rufus.
Come here.
Oh, good boy.
You're good at finding people.
Promise me you'll find someone,
please.
♪♪
[Muffled] I'm sorry.
[Sniffles]
I love you.
♪♪
[Knife plunges][Groans]
[Groans]
♪♪
[Baby Morgan crying]
[Radio warbling indistinctly]
♪♪
[Radio static]
Morgan: ...it mean something.
You should give yourselves
the end that you wanted.
♪♪
Hey!
Let's go, Danny-boy!
What?
What's wrong with this place?
Some soggy skin-munchers using
the basement as the jacuzzi.
We're wasting our time.
[Tires squeal, engine revs]
[Tires screech]
How's it looking here?The basement is a no-go.
You find anything?
Yeah, a bunker.What bunker?
The one where
they're holding Alicia.
One where we can all ride
this thing out.
Old hotel about 15 miles east.
So, he just...
told you where it was?
It's funny what you can get
a "true believer"
to spill when you pull 'em
away from their leader.
Why should we believe him?You got a better idea?
Yes.
I was with the radio.
I heard a voice
broadcasting coordinates,
and the voice said it was
a safe place to go to,
and I wrote 'em down.
Who said that?
Daniel, who was broadcasting?
Was it Morgan?
I didn't hear him say anything
about coordinates.
Daniel: No, someone else.
I know that voice.
I just don't know who it is.
And then it cut out.
You sure you're not
just confused again, old-timer?
You remember what happened
last time we took your word?
Luciana:
We don't have time for this.
Daniel,
you sure you heard
what you're telling us?
I'm not sure.
Alright, then.
We go where Rollie says.
This is our only choice,
okay?
Okay!
Go, go!
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
[Engine revs]
[Thudding]
Sarah: Wen...
Wen, if you can hear this,
we're seeking shelter.
Just -- if you're at the dam,
just, uh -- just stay there.
Uh, we're headed up east side,
475, mile marker 17.
Why tell us about the bunker
now, so close to the end?
Why not just remain silent
and die for your cause?
♪♪
[Thudding]
[Tires screeching]
What's going on, kemosabe?
Damn brakes just went out.
You ever fix air brakes before,
Rabbi?
[Walkers growling]
First time for everything.
Grab that welding kit
and follow me.
All hands on deck.
We got company.
♪♪
Spread out!
Cover me, Jake.
I gotta patch the hole
in this accumulator.
♪♪
I know what you're thinking,
Sarah.
You and your brother --
you're going to find each other.
You heard what Momo said.
This may be the end
for all of us.
We may not make
that bunker.
We will.
And if not, what does the Talmud
say about what comes next?
I mean, Wen --
I mean, we could --What the Talmud says
doesn't matter.
I know you'll be together.
You will.
One way or another.
Okay.
♪♪
If this whole thing
is about destruction,
why would you want
to survive?
Just to see your face
when it all turns to ash.
I know you doubt us.
You think we're --
we're all insane.
But it's
just the beginning.
♪♪
Seen worse.
The phoenix will rise,
and quicker
than you think.
Keep an eye on him.
Did you fix it?Well, it's about as piss-poor
a patch as I've ever done,
but it should get us
to the hotel in one piece.
Let's boogie, Rollie!
Rollie: Aye-eye, cap'n.
We'll make it out
of this thing yet.
Like a phoenix.
♪♪
[Speaking Spanish]
[Gunshot fires][Gasps]
What the hell?
He wasn't going to the hotel,
he was one of them.
That's how they find out
that we were coming to the sub.
That's why they were
prepared for us.
Charlie: Daniel, look out![Gunshot fires]
[Gasps, groaning]
♪♪
He was going for the gun.
So, it's true?
Rollie was with you?
He lost his faith when he saw
how all of you
turned on each other
behind the dam wall.
You have yourself to thank
for that, old-timer.
We were just driving you
all someplace
where you'd have
a prime view.
[Explosion in distance]
Uh...guys?
Nobody's going anywhere.
The coordinates.
We can still make it.
Sarah: I don't know,
maybe we should find, like,
an overpass or a
parking garage or something.
No. Daniel figured out
the truth about Rollie.
If he thinks he heard
the coordinates,
we have to put
our faith in him.
Alright.
I'll drive, chief.
Okay.I just hope you're right.
292-520-015.
015.
One at a time, please.
♪♪
Whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
The map said there
was a school here.
We must have taken a wrong
turn somewhere.
Then we'll go back.D...
I mean, there's gotta
be something nearby.
C'mon, boy, let's go.[Horse whinnies]
♪♪
Morgan:
You should give yourselves
the ends that you wanted...
even if it's not the one
we all imagined.
Hey, look. Huh?
Maybe they have some beer,
maybe some pretzels.
You serious?
Yeah.
D, it's the one thing
that we said we were gonna do
when we found each other,
and haven't done it yet.
If this really is the end, then
this is how I want to go out.
Okay?
Just us.
Alright, just us.
[Door creaks]
I'm gonna check
the kitchen.
Okay.
[Leaves rustling gently]
Hey, I couldn't find
any pretzels, but, uh...
Found some of
these bad boys.
They're warm,
but they'll do the trick.
Cheers.
You alright?
Why didn't we do this
sooner?
We could have had
a place like this.
Or a life like this.
I mean, we could have tried.
We found each other.
[Chuckles]
We found each other!
After everything...
That doesn't just happen.
But I couldn't get past
the past.
[Voice breaking]
I wasted so much time.
I wasted so much time
just being pissed off,
trying to fight
the bad guys.
But the bad guys
always win.
You and I have seen that,
every time.
Nothing that I did
was going to change that.
And all it did was
cost me time with you.
[Inhales shakily]
Hey...
[Crying]
Hey.
Everything you did,
everything you've done,
you have nothing
to be sorry for.
Okay? Okay.
We can still
have this life.
[Chuckles] Okay?
Even if it's just
for a couple of minutes.
Woman: Are you --
Are you with them?
Whoa, whoa!Man: Hands up, jackoff!
Hey, easy, easy, easy.
Look, we don't want any trouble.
We thought it was empty.
Easy.
You all need
to get out of here.
If you know a place
to hole up --
We have a place.
They took it.
What are you
talking about?
There's a storm cellar
out back.
We saw the missile.
We were loading up
to go down there
when these jackasses showed up,
forced us out.
Who were they?Didn't exactly
introduce themselves.
They just started ranting about
"the end is the beginning."
Held a gun right
in my baby's face.
Oh...
It's okay, Briga.
It's okay.
Just go.
Give us our house back.
Where's your cellar?
Why?
We'll get it back for you.
How?
You have any rope?
♪♪
Hya!
[Whinnying]
♪♪
[Clattering]
[Rapid gunfire]
♪♪
[Gunshot fires]
[Yelps, grunts]
[Gasping, groans]
♪♪
[Groans]
Go on! Do it!
Are you scared?
You look scared.
Please...
[Walker growling]
Nah.
Nah, I don't think so.
I think I'm going to do for you
what you tried to do
for that nice family
back there,
and that's give you
a front row seat
to the shit show that
youhelped bring down on us.
♪♪
Enjoy the view,
asshole.
[Gunshot fires]
[Groans, crying]
No! Wait!
Where the hell
did that come from?
I haven't seen that side of you
in a long time.
Well, maybe
we were both right.
About what?Helping people.
Making sure the bad guys
don't win.
Or at least that one.
Maybe we should have been doing
more of that the whole time.
Come on!
Get inside.
[Explosion in distance]
♪♪
Morgan: You know,
I'm still going to try and stop
what Teddy started,
but I'm not at all sure
that that's
going to be possible.
You see, the missile...
Well, it's going to re-enter
the atmosphere, and it --
Tch. Idiot.
Jesus.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, what for?
I saved Morgan.
No.
I'm the only reason
that he's even alive.
If he would have just died
at the Gulch, then --
then nobody could be stopping
all these missiles
that you're
trying to launch.
Well, I'm glad things went
the way they did.
Otherwise, I might
never have met you.
You really mean that?
Oh, come on.
I mean, you get me.
All those others -- all those
people hanging on my every word,
doing exactly what I tell 'em,
not one of them --
not a single one of 'em
every really understand
what I am doing
the way you do.
[Sighs]
[Crow cawing]
Oh, boy.
It's almost time.
Oh, look at this.
Oh!
Look at it.
Here we are.
Front row seat.
You know,
you told me that I --
I got you like
no one else.
You were the first person
that didn't look at me like
I had something
wrong with me.
Didn't try
and make me change.
Told me that it was okay
to be who I am.
Yeah.
Well, imagine, Sioux,
if we found each other sooner.
[Gun cocks]Step away from the girl,
Teddy.
Officer Dorie!
Spending your last moments
before you turn to mulch
putting me down?
[Chuckles]
There are more layers to you
than I thought, Johnny-boy.
I'm not here for you.
I'm here for her.
I'm not fixing
to hurt you.
I just need to say something and
I hope you're willing to listen.
You're just trying to make me
change my mind,
like your son did.
He was right,
what he told you.
You can still make his life --
your life -- mean something.
You just have to believe
that people are better
than the way they act
at their worst.
[Chuckles]
This is how he ended up
with a bullet in him.
Dorie Sr.:
People will surprise you
if you give 'em a chance.
I walked out on John,
on his mother --
left him
with a world of hurt.
He still found it in himself
to forgive me, years later.
What does that
have to do with me?
I forgive you
for killing John.
For taking my son's life.
Oh, don't listen to him,
Sioux.
You have nothing
to feel sorry about.
Nothing.You really mean that?
I do.
♪♪
[Gunshot fires]
He didn't come alone.
She's an even better shot
than me.
Why are you here?
I forgive you, too.
John was right --
what he said.
It's not too late.
Even if you only believe it
for however long we have left.
You don't think
people can change.
I do.
Then why did you...
Why did you
kill Virginia?
After I lost John,
I lost what he believed.
But I found it again.
So can you.
♪♪
[Metal clanking]
The hell is under there?
♪♪
Thought you were the end?
Looks to me
like you're planning
on sticking around
for the beginning.
Unless, of course, that was
all just a bunch of hot air
to get your lambs
to march to their slaughter.
We're here doing
what we believe.
We're not lying to you.
♪♪
Teddy?
What the hell is that?You're right, Sioux.
We didn't shoot off
all those missiles.
So when the dust clears,
we're going to go back
and finish what we started.
Did you even mean
what you said?
About understanding me?
Oh, of course I did.
I...
Then why didn't you tell me
about that?
I -- I couldn't
take that risk, Sioux.
I mean...
For anybody else to find out
about this place, I want --
I want this to be
about you and me.
Why else would I have
brought you?
Because he needs
two people.
What?He needs two people
to launch the missiles.
One person
can't turn both keys.
He doesn't care about you.
He just needs you.No.
No, we're family.
He doesn't want to --
me to be something that I'm not.
So you can finish
what he wants.Oh, no, no, no, no.
He doesn't know anything
about family.
He abandoned his own son.Dorie Sr.: He'll kill you
when it's over.
That's what he does, he discards
people when he's done with 'em.No. No.
June: That bunker.
That's a chance to survive.
See it as a sign you can have
a second chance.
[Explosions in distance]
Teddy:
It's starting, Sioux.
It's like I told you,
you can either die
bringing about the end
with me by your side,
and you just being
who you are, or you can --
No, no, go on with them
and pretend
to be somebody you're not.
It's your choice.
♪♪
Morgan: You know,
I'm still going to try and stop
what Teddy started,
but I'm not at all sure
that that's
going to be possible.
You see, the missile...
Well, it's going to re-enter
the atmosphere,
and it's got
multiple warheads.
This may be all the time
that we have left.
So you should use it.
You should make it
mean something.
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
[Growling stops]
Hello?!
Anybody here?!
♪♪
[Walkers growling in distance]
[Screams]
♪♪
[Sighs]
[Exhales slowly]
["Sunshine Special" by
Blind Lemon Jefferson playing]
♪♪
[Breathing heavily]
[Music grows louder]
♪♪
♪ Going to leave
on the Sunshine Special♪
♪ Goin' in on the Santa Fe♪
♪♪
♪ Leave on the
Sunshine Special♪
♪ Goin' in on the Santa Fe♪
♪♪
♪ Don't say nothin'
about that Katy ♪
♪ Because it's taken
my brown from me ♪
[Gun cocks]
Man: How did you get past
the dead I let in?
Your gun.
Hand it over.
[Gun clatters]
You need to start talkin',
my friend.
♪♪
Did you see it?
It's hard to miss.
Is it going to hit here?
It's going to
hit anywhere.
How do you know?Because I was there.
So unless you've got someplace
we can shelter
underground imminently,
I'm afraid there's nothing
more we can do.
Well.
I guess
that's the ballgame.
Yeah.
You like bourbon?
Thurston's Reserve.
25 year.
One of the oldest distilleries
in Texas.
It used to be, anyway.[Record crackling]
Uh, you mind
turning that over?
It's Blind Lemon Jefferson.
Born near Wortham.
Mostly played around Dallas,
though.
Did most of his recordings
between, uh...
'26 and '29.
Strand:
You know your history.
I should hope so.
I'm a historian.
Used to teach at UT before
the world did what it did.
[Record crackling]
[ "See That My Grave's
Kept Clean"playing]
♪♪
Is that where
all of this came from?
Oh, those came after.
Went to museums,
city halls --
Hell, that flag over there
came from the Alamo.
I just figured somebody should
try to preserve history.
♪♪
Right?
You a religious man?
No.
My wife was.
Said it would protect me.
So much for that.
I gave one just like it
to someone once.
A dear friend.
What were you trying
to protect them from?
Oh.
It's complicated.
Not exactly time to be cryptic,
my friend.
[Both chuckle]
Who are you?
What are you doing up here?
What happened out there?
[Sighs]
We were trying to build
a future.
The others -- the ones
we were up against
were trying to
end it all.
We almost stopped them.
We should have
stopped them.
Why didn't you?
It came down to two men.
They had to give their lives
to save everyone,
but when push came to shove,
one of them couldn't do it.
Why not?
[Chuckles]
He wanted to survive.
To take the glory
for himself.
And in the end, consigned
everyone to the very destruction
he was hoping
to circumvent.
And which man are you?
I'm the one...
that was ready to die.
♪♪
[Sighs]
So why are you here?
Why aren't you with the rest
of your people?
Something led me here.
Huh.
Must be the ending
I deserved.
Or thought I did.
[Explosions in distance]
♪♪
I wish I'd met you sooner,
friend.
My name's Howard.
I'm Morgan.
Morgan Jones.
♪♪
Did you know?
Is that why you aren't here?
Morgan: We did our best.
You know,
I'm still going to try
and stop what Teddy started,
but I'm not at all sure
that that's
going to be possible.
You see, the missile...
Well, it's going to re-enter
the atmosphere,
and it's got
multiple warheads.
So this -- this may be all
the time that we have left.
So you should use it.
You should...
You should make it mean
something.
You should give yourselves
the ends that you wanted...
even if it's not the one
we all imagined.
Aah!
[Screams]
♪♪
I know the ending I want.
Come on!
Morgan.
I said
I would keep trying.Morgan, you can't --
I gotta make this happen!
We can't make it stop!
It's not over!
We don't know where all those
warheads are going to hit,
but they're going to be
close enough.
Even if we survive
the initial blast,
the radiation,
the fallout --
we're not going to want
to live in that world.
I have seen what radiation
poisoning does to people.
And what happened
at the plant?
That was contained.
This?
This won't be.
Hiroshima, Nagasaki,
Chernobyl --
it's going to be
a lot worse.
I watched Athena's father die
from radiation exposure --
it was long, it was painful,
and there's no escaping it.
I'm not going to watch
that happen again.
Not to someone else
I love.
Yeah, Morgan.
That's the problem
with me.
I never tell anyone how I feel
until it's too late.
That's you and me both.
[Chuckles]
I love you, Grace.
[Softly] I know.
I know.
[Sighs]
Please, Morgan.
Don't make me
watch that again.
If I'm honest, I thought I was
going to die at the Gulch.
I did have another reason
for breathing, though.
It was you.
I wanted to
take care of you.
I wanted...
to build something
for Athena.
I'm sorry that's not going
to happen, Morgan.
Right.
I'm alive because
my daughter isn't.
Neither of us were meant
to be here.
I'm sorry.
I truly am.
Sorry for you and me,
sorry for what could have been.
You know, I actually thought --
I actually let myself believe
that I could have
a family again.
You know, with you --
that I could be a husband.
I...
Be a father.
And you can be.
Just not here.
Huh.
When she was born,
I waited so long
to hear her cry,
but it never came.
I need to hear my baby cry,
Morgan.
[Explosions in distance]
The warheads
are separating.
We don't have much time.
♪♪
I'm sorry it has to end
this way.
This is for the best.
Okay.
Are you ready?
♪♪
[Baby's crying echoes softly]
I can hear her, Morgan.
I can hear her.
I can, too.
[Crying grows louder]
Morgan?
♪♪
That's not her.
[Rufus barking]
[Baby Morgan crying]
♪♪
[Rachel growling]
[Rufus barks]
♪♪
Rachel.
[Growling]
♪♪
Rufus, come here.
Come here.
♪♪
[Rachel growling]
[Growling stops]
[Baby Morgan crying]
Shh. Shh.
It's alright.
Oh, it's alright.
Okay.
It's okay.
It's alright.
♪♪
[Chuckles]
She feels like a gift
from Athena.
♪♪
[Baby Morgan fussing]
[Truck rumbling]
Are you sure these
are the right coordinates?
I don't get lost,
compadre.
There's --
There's nobody here.
I'm sorry.
At least maybe
Wen will be okay.
[Riley laughs weakly]
I told you there was
no escaping it.
Daniel --
Daniel, don't!
Hey.
He's gone.
You guys?
[Helicopter blades whirring]
Shit in a sand box!
Come on!
You were right.
I knew it.
♪♪
[Paint can spraying]
Who the hell are you?Al: Thank God you got
the coordinates!
I would have been there myself,
but we're low on fuel.That's Al!
Didn't know how many people
we'd be able to lift out.
Listen, don't ask the pilot
any questions.
She's here to help.
The less you know, the better.
Please.[Crying]
No, this is a trick.
It isn't real.
I shouldn't have to change
for anyone.
I'm staying up here.
I'm staying up here!
June, did my son
ever tell you
about the Saint Louis
Barn Raiser?
June: Yeah.
[Gunshots firing]
You're going to die.
I have to see the end.
♪♪
Sioux?
What?
Did you ever
really give a shit about me?
Or did you just need me
to turn that key?
[Chuckles]
Aah!
[Gasping]
That's what I thought.
[Gunshot fires]
♪♪
You said that I should
never change,
and I'm not.
Now you never get
to see your ending.
♪♪
[Explosion]
[Rumbling]
[Screaming]
♪♪
[Rumbling continues]
[Screaming continues]
[Rumbling stops]
Oh, my God.
Oh.
[Crying]
[Helicopter blades
whirring in distance]
[Growls]
[Speaking in Spanish]
♪♪
Alright,
let's get out of here!
Luciana: Let's go!Go, go!
♪♪
[Riley growling]
[Explosion]
[Rumbling]
[Baby Morgan crying][Explosion]
Go.
Go, go!
[Rufus barks]
♪♪
[Rumbling continues]
[Rumbling, rattling]
♪♪
[Rumbling, rattling stop]
[Laughs]
What?
Why are you laughing?
Because I'm alive.
After everything I did,
I'm still here.
Everything you did?
I'm not the man
I told you I was.
I'm the other one.
I'm not Morgan Jones.
I'm Victor Strand.
I'm a man who has thrown men
to the wolves when necessary.
Who has not been afraid to cut
the cord if I had to.
I'm a backroom dealer,
a grifter, a shark.
Hell, I've cheated at chess
when a back was turned.
Again, and again,
and again.
Without fail.
And, if the opportunity
had presented itself...
Why?
Survival.
I've done it all my life.
And despite the critics,
I'm still here.
I come from nothing, my friend,
and I know how to survive.
And I've had to build
and rebuild myself
from the ground up,
over and over and over again!
Like a civilization.
We have a...
great future behind us.
We can take that future
and rebuild.
With art and books
and music and...
good bourbon.
It feels like the dawning
of a new day to me.
♪♪
How about you?
[Both coughing]
[Walker growling]
[Growling stops]
[Explosion in distance]
♪♪